we look at that day is a day we met the
fifth member of our crew
serving positions thurgood Brian Kenny
and Scarface loading this weed is
fantasy
their job stick you suck you suck you
suck you're cool your sex life is zero
and their lives are going nowhere meter
ha you smoke yourself [ __ ] goes out
munchies tonight yo I make sure your
chocolate gotta have chocolate graham
crackers pizzas man celery grape jelly
peanut butter corned beef jerky with
water all out of water you must have
been so hungry but now they're in
trouble big pop all we gotta do is waste
10% of 1 million yo which by our
calculations the Food and Drug
Administration are having us do a study
and you can sign Kenya when that drug
dealers with fun races go get me this
mr. nice guy
well you'll all be from Jamaica Mon what
part of Jamaica right near the beach
from Universal Pictures comes the story
that proves somebody's [ __ ] three heads
are better than one I remember when a
dime bag cost a dime half-baked